Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you checked in earlier.
Kaley Montgomery: And I was
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I was hoping you join on but that's okay. How are you
Kaley Montgomery: Good. How are you, let me go ahead and get these earbuds I was gonna go try to get the earbuds so that way I could hear you better. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Sounds good.
Kaley Montgomery: All right, I'll pick that up.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, just a second. Sorry for all tangled up I was not prepared.
Kaley Montgomery: To do.
Kaley Montgomery: Hi, can you hear me.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah. Okay, great. I can hear you perfectly to so um anyways. My name is Kaylee huh
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello, I'm Joel Kirby. I am your nurse practitioner.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I'm out here in Arizona right now.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Used to live there in Columbus, Ohio. I'm still licensed in Ohio, and I still see patients in Ohio via telemedicine.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay. And I actually am not in Columbus, I am in Mansfield. Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Not a problem. So you're not the actual doctor but I don't. Right. Are you the doctor. You're not the actual doctor. Yeah. Okay, so I was supposed to tell you, as I told one of the workers earlier that I had gotten emergency script for so be tech. I was on savvy tech for two years.
Kaley Montgomery: In an outreach treatment program and I'm currently I'll be 30 weeks on Tuesday 30 weeks pregnant.
Kaley Montgomery: So I got an emergency savvy tech script from my doctor here in town, and they gave me it for two weeks. So I'm not going to be able to actually fill a prescription through you guys until after or on April 7 just so that they wanted me to let you know that at least. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not a problem.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, just want me
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There's something in Ohio and actually it's in every state. Now it's called a ores report. Are you familiar with that.
Kaley Montgomery: No. So I'm just writing down everything that you're saying
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that's a, it's a report that the pharmacies.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Give data to and I look at it every time I write a prescription for a patient because it tells me what prescriptions you've received where you're
Jill Beavers-Kirby: reading them and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know when you last filled him and everything. So I look
Jill Beavers-Kirby: At the orders report to see when you got your last prescription
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The pharmacy wall, so check that. So they'll so we will, we know that we can't fill that until
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, great. Awesome. Okay, perfect.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So congratulations on the baby.
Kaley Montgomery: Thank you. I appreciate that. No, this is my second my first is she'll be eight this year.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, good, good. So let's do you have 10 more weeks.
Kaley Montgomery: Yep about 10 more weeks.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Does that make your due date.
Kaley Montgomery: June 13
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, so you'll have this summer to enjoy the baby.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, and I got a girl already. And this is a boy. So I get one of one of the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Great. And I think you'll like raising boys, you'll find boys be easier girls.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, much easier. My little nephews here right now. So, and they're just much easier. All the way around. Yeah, sorry, I look so rough today. I just been filling like to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A deal or you
Kaley Montgomery: Know, just, um, it's like pregnancy. I haven't been regnant over seven years. So it just kind of like taking a toll on me. Plus, I wasn't never on somebody said before, with my other daughters. That was my other kids. So I didn't
Kaley Montgomery: It's kind of all new to me. I didn't intend to get pregnant while on Sunday tech at all. So basically,
Kaley Montgomery: It's just kind of like rough, you know, going through withdrawals after I had left the program that I was in for two years. It just kind of took a little bit of a toll on me.
Kaley Montgomery: Because I was at 60 milligrams a day and then I got. And then this doctor is trying to like not give me that he just has his own beliefs on it.
Kaley Montgomery: Via being pregnant and all that. So it's just I don't know I feel very withdrawal Lee right now because he just has dropped me down 10 milligrams already so I'm already. He's only given me six milligrams a day right now.
Kaley Montgomery: And then in five days I'm supposed to be all the way down to five milligrams. And then on April 7 I was supposed to go back to that program and
Kaley Montgomery: Have him, Give me another script to get me down before and then he was trying to help me off before I had the baby and I didn't agree with that. So I've just been looking for another alternative to try to
Kaley Montgomery: Find something else to to do because I don't want to, you know, be going through withdrawals and being being pregnant and I just, I have my own
Kaley Montgomery: Different theories and outlooks on things I've been to kind of do a little bit of research on it and I just don't, I don't want to do that. And he's not really for that. So I'm just happy that I got into you guys sooner than later.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so I've been seeing patients with addiction issues for the past three years, and I've had
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Several pregnant patient and it's okay, even while you're on 70
Kaley Montgomery: Tax yes so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah and so you'll
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Need obviously let the hospital should know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what they do is they'll check the baby and they check the big
Jill Beavers-Kirby: They'll check the baby.
Store.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Output to see
Kaley Montgomery: How much W Texas in
Jill Beavers-Kirby: His system.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And sometimes, you know, sometimes it's a little bit. Sometimes it's it's zero. So it'll just we'll just see how long
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How much past this time and then the hospital can
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Also, manage, you know, getting the Savvy tech savvy, his sister.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And will keep you on Sunday.
Kaley Montgomery: Attacks
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you planning on breastfeeding.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, so I do plan on breastfeeding. So that way you know, at least for the first three to five days that we are in the hospital that my OBG is aware that he
Kaley Montgomery: Won't have big withdrawal symptoms because of the breast milk. So he will be receiving some of the Savvy tech
Kaley Montgomery: So he won't be scoring high levels or anything like that. So we I've already discussed everything with my ob gyn we've kind of got a plan set together.
Kaley Montgomery: And put in stone. But there's other doctors just not really here with the whole plan things. So, and it was just kind of an emergency thing so that way I didn't have to go without a script.
Kaley Montgomery: I didn't want have to be buying them on the street and struggling and trying to figure out what I was going to do so.
Kaley Montgomery: That was my main goal to just try to get in somewhere and at least have something. So yeah, that's why I'm here with you guys now to try to reverse that and go back to what I'm, you know, initially have been on for the last two years, maybe not as high milligrams every day.
Kaley Montgomery: And I do what I plan to taper it just wasn't the right time for me in the doctors that I was seen at the outpatient program. He said he used to be an OB GYN, and he wasn't aware of
Kaley Montgomery: Me, leaving the program, but he said he wouldn't recommend tapering me down that quickly. I'm like, I've only been with
Kaley Montgomery: This emergency doctor for four weeks now and he's already dropped me 10 milligrams, so
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know if it's all the way, safe and I don't really know the whole outlook on his idea of the tapering but I do agree with tapering at some point. I'm just wasn't really on to it right this right now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Sounds good. So I would like to obviously be on subjects as long as you plan to breastfeed, whether that's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, three days, three months, three years it whatever people recipe for whatever amount of time. So I'll keep you on the study text for that long during that time. Okay. Um, so I'm guessing you when you are on the Suboxone you were on the I was
Kaley Montgomery: Never on Suboxone so I've never done the locks in I did on the street. When I first started
Kaley Montgomery: When I first started getting addicted to savvy tech. I was having to come across the box own and they would give me really bad migraines and blurred vision, so I wouldn't really take those or prefer to buy those
Kaley Montgomery: That's why I got into an outpatient program and got a script for the last two years of subby tech so
Kaley Montgomery: What happened was is I never really got into opiates on the street. I just started getting into savvy tech on the street. My sister got a script for 72nd I started
Kaley Montgomery: Taking hers, and I got addicted to them and then became codependent on them. So I hadn't had an issue with street illicit drugs just suddenly tech. And then, of course, I got into a program, two and a half years ago, so I have had it taken care of for the last two and a half years.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, at the height of your drug use, how much who actually taken a day.
Um,
Kaley Montgomery: I was I was taking more when I got into the treatment program at 60 milligrams a day.
Kaley Montgomery: Then I was on the street. So I would only get my hands on, you know, not very much at the time and plus w tech wasn't really all that popular back when I started doing them about three, three and a half years ago, so
Kaley Montgomery: You didn't hear of them very often. There was hard to come by. I didn't do that much of them may be an eight milligram tablet, a day.
Kaley Montgomery: Is that just enough to get me by but I started at 60 milligrams to a to a day for seven days at the outpatient program that I was in. So that's where the height of it all, because
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. And so right now you're just on the 10 milligram, she said.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, and you feel like you're having withdrawal with that.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes. Okay, now he's already dropped me 10 milligrams and I've only been with him for four weeks. So I was on 16 I was
Kaley Montgomery: This was, this was, I don't know most about 25 weeks pregnant and he dropped me from 60 milligrams, all the way down to now six milligrams. So I'm definitely feeling
Kaley Montgomery: The symptoms of like psychological withdrawals and I know the difference. Obviously I've been in counseling for it for two years.
Kaley Montgomery: Plus some so I know the difference between the physical and the psychological withdrawal, but I definitely feel
Kaley Montgomery: The physical withdrawal and he's telling me that it's all in my head. And I'm like, Well, I don't agree with that. So,
Kaley Montgomery: I need to, obviously, figure out something else, because I don't agree that whole it's just all in my head thing. So yeah, he's got me. He's trying to get me on to four milligrams by April 7 and it's just really, really taking a toll on me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm just looking, I'm looking at your history about what you've the drugs you received here so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, yeah, just, yeah, that's a pretty rapid taper I taper already slow whenever, whenever we get to that point. I'm a slow taper or I get more success in that way. So, and that's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Something that you and I will work together with, I don't have any goal, say by August 16 you're going to be off of this i don't i don't have that goal anywhere. So it'll just be something you know that you and I work on
Kaley Montgomery: work on together. That's great. That sounds great. Thank you, Mrs Kirby. I appreciate that. I really do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so you've got an eight year old daughter. YOU GOT YOUR LITTLE BOY, COMING ON THE WAY. Yep. Um, are you married
Kaley Montgomery: No, I'm single 24 single and renting my own apartment now. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now, is that where you're at now where you're at your place or you
Kaley Montgomery: Know I'm not my grandmother's right now.
Kaley Montgomery: So I'm here for the weekend with my daughter.
Kaley Montgomery: I live in the field, but I'm here in Greenwich Ohio right now with my family.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Nice. Okay. Are you working
Kaley Montgomery: Um, no. I was currently before this coronavirus stuff happens. So I was at a home health, a position for for a CNA or as TNA or whichever you prefer to call it.
Kaley Montgomery: I enjoyed that job, it kind of took a little bit of a toll on me at the beginning of my pregnancy. I had to drive all the way to, I don't know if you're familiar with, Delaware, Ohio.
Kaley Montgomery: Or Mount Vernon. Yeah, but that's a good hour 45 to an hour drive and it just kind of was a little bit rough on my car and
Kaley Montgomery: I had really bad morning sickness with this baby. So I just quit roughly in the end of November early December so I haven't been working for the last three months or so.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so how are you supporting yourself.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, right now I live on Metro. So I got my metro approved and I'm not actually currently struggling with bills right now, but I just
Kaley Montgomery: I got my income tax money and got a good amount of it, and I still have it leftover. And then, of course, I guess we're getting some other kinds of money here soon.
Kaley Montgomery: So I'm doing okay. As of right now, I plan to just hold out for the next 60 days or so and then go right back to working after my six week postpartum okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have helped to watch the baby into the grandmother helper.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah. Um, so my daughter, she's going into second grade right now she's in homeschooling, of course, because the chronic disease or whatever. So
Kaley Montgomery: She's, she's currently doing really well on that. I don't know if I wanted to keep her there or move her back to regular school but she's doing well.
Kaley Montgomery: And with the baby. I shouldn't have any issues with job and family helping me find a daycare provider if I needed to. I know I had one with my daughter and I didn't even have to pay a copay so
Kaley Montgomery: Honestly, I think we should be okay if need be. But I mean, for the first, you know, few weeks of him being here. I don't know how the coronavirus will be at that point. So I'm sure one of my family members will help me out. Yes, I hope it's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Over and done with. By the time he arrives.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I gotta tell you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't, I don't think
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We're going to be stuck with it during April, but I sure hope by June and we're all gone.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, amen to that at least by June.
Kaley Montgomery: Because I'm worried they're saying that we might not even be able to have someone in the hospital with us at that point. So I don't know. It's a little bit stressful. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It is, it is very stressful. Yeah. Um, do you have any other health problems do you take any other medicines for anything or
Kaley Montgomery: No. So I have. I just went to an assessment for this other doctor that I'm currently seeing right now.
Kaley Montgomery: They assess me for no diagnosis for depression or anxiety or anything like that, which I never had any that I was aware of either, so I don't take any medication for anything else other than just prenatal right now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just your prenatal vitamins.
Kaley Montgomery: Yep. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you're not allergic to any medicine.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah amoxicillin. So according to my mom, I'm allergic to penicillin, it will be hives break me out with ice.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Equals hives. Okay. Do you have any medication sensitivities likes for some people. Aspirin, that's their stomach or, you know,
Kaley Montgomery: Anything like that. No, not that I'm aware of, no. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever had any surgeries.
Kaley Montgomery: My add noise was taken out.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The tonsils.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, I have my tonsils. So
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'll make noise.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I was interesting when we had to take the tonsils out to
Kaley Montgomery: I know, right. And this was back, remember what year was that when they took my tongue. My adenoids out
Kaley Montgomery: Maybe five years old, six years old, some time. Yeah, and quite a few years and she said it was interesting that they didn't take my tonsils out. They didn't take my tonsils out. Did they yeah they didn't take enough
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know it while they're in there. I would have just thought they would even went ahead and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Right, but your tonsils are part of your immune system. They actually help increase your immunity.
Kaley Montgomery: Well that's great because I have a great immune system. So yeah, I'm pretty I'm pretty thankful over that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So when you're working day. Was that like on an extended care facility. And where were you doing that.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, yeah, so like private home. So I went to clients houses.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: That would be nice. Yes. I actually didn't have to ever go out to Delaware where they were located the office was out of Delaware. I worked for them through an online application program.
Kaley Montgomery: They hired me she met me in Mansfield, and I had houses in Mansell Mount Vernon Ontario Ashland area, but I've never had to actually drive all the way to Delaware.
So that's good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Sounds like a like a pretty good gig.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, I was. And I she paid me 50 cents a mile. And then I got 12 1250 an hour. So I was I was living very well. I really enjoyed that job a lot. I worked very hard to get it and she told me that I could that I could come back if if after the baby. I felt, you know, up to it. So,
Kaley Montgomery: Maybe looking into going back there. I also work at a place called Star Trek here in Mansfield
Kaley Montgomery: It's a telecommunication service center was a call center over the phone. I worked for homebuyers warranty and I really enjoyed that, too. And I did really well there also. So I have like two options that I'm trying to like rekindle wants to babies here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were you able to do the talent, the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The telephone job with. Did you do that at home or did you have to go into a call center.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, I went into a call center. Yep.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I did that one time trying to sell magazines and what went into a call center.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, I like the call center idea I did my friend worked from out of her house and she said it was a little bit more difficult than working inside of the call center where you got, you know, a little bit more support than you do at home.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, you got other people going, Hey, I got a warranty and, you know, they
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were you're on and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And it becomes a little competition and I will not allow that they're just always so angry all the time about how it doesn't cover something so yeah
Kaley Montgomery: It was always an escalation on the phone. Oh.
Kaley Montgomery: I bet.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Always, always something. Um, so let's see your or your mom and dad still live
Kaley Montgomery: Oh yeah, my mom and dad are still living. My mom is not with my dad never was. She is currently in prison right now she's got a year to do in my dad I don't talk to him very often.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: As far as you know, are they in good health.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, and good health, as far as I know. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And your grandmother isn't good health.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, he's in good health to okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, do you have any brothers or sisters
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, my dad has eight kids in my mom.
Kaley Montgomery: for including me. So all together have like 11 brothers and sisters. Wow. That's big. Yes, it is very much so big.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, so other than the androids definitely surgery. You've had we've talked about your allergies. So, um, let me
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you know anybody who goes through bright heart health.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes.
Kaley Montgomery: So I got
Kaley Montgomery: I was told by a girlfriend that used to go to the same out treatment program as me about you guys. Her name is April, Eddie. She
Kaley Montgomery: told me about, you know, giving me, she's like, well, if you guys if you're really going through this bag called bright heart health. Here's the number. This is your first step and then your second step will be to download
Kaley Montgomery: This thing called zoom and then you'll go and do some online electronic signature thing. So that's what I did. And I got into you guys right away. I mean it.
Kaley Montgomery: just worked out so quickly. I really wasn't expecting it to go this fast. Honestly, I'm very thankful and I'm glad I ran across or I hadn't seen her. She had left human up a long time ago. So I haven't seen her. And then I ran across her. It was just like meant to happen, you know,
Kaley Montgomery: So I'm very thankful. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I thought so. I've been with bright heart health. Just a couple of weeks, but I've done this. Like I said, for three years and I don't tell them medicine with another company.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I'm finding know that bright heart health, they get a lot of their business from other from referrals and things from other
Jill Beavers-Kirby: People saying hey go here and do some bright heart does there. We do it a little differently. So you don't even know we're having our first initial meeting today, I'll call it in your prescription
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the Sublime Text comes in, you know, eight milligram pills four milligram pills.
Kaley Montgomery: Into milligram pills. Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you said you were doing the 16 was too much probably
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know, I just got used to it after so long that it really wasn't
Kaley Montgomery: At all. But I mean if if you wouldn't consider putting me back up that far. I mean,
Kaley Montgomery: It's up to you. I mean it at first when I was buying them off the street.
Kaley Montgomery: When I first started into the program. I didn't expect them to give me too. So it was at first, but that was two and a half years ago. So now that's just kind of what my routine is and what I'm used to. At that point, at this point.
Kaley Montgomery: It's totally up to you. And I guess what you think about it, and I don't know.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What you take when you were on the 16 were you taken them at both pills at once.
Kaley Montgomery: Or retail. I didn't want them in the order one. Yep, one in the morning and one before bed. That is correct.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you on the generic or the brain.
Generic
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let's do this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let's do. Here's what we can do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, you know, the pills you can break the pills and half their score to you can break them in half.
Kaley Montgomery: Yo, that's usually what I did. Anyways, I'm
Kaley Montgomery: Sorry, go ahead.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well, I was thinking, what I like to do is give you eight milligram pills and have you take one eight milligram pill in the morning and then how about a half a pill in the second half of the day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, whatever at dinner.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: whatever time you take it.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, sure.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That'll be
Jill Beavers-Kirby: 12 milligrams a day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're getting now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Where you feel like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's not working, you have the other half of pill.
Kaley Montgomery: That I could
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Take so you're not feeling like crap.
Kaley Montgomery: Right milligram in the mornings and then take like a four milligram and a half Hill, a day or half bill so just break that in half and then I'll have the other four milligram, you know, available at my fingertips if needed.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, let's do that. And let's see you do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. On that day, so see how
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The other thing that bright heart health does if they do group counseling.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And our
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Group will meet on Wednesdays at one o'clock in the afternoon. Same thing you log on to zoom you get this zoom number and you come into a room like I know you and I are here now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And it'll be myself and a therapist in the group. And then also other patients who are, you know, in Ohio, who are also in recovery.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And each we need each week. Like I said it. It's at one o'clock in the afternoon and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know we just talked about how everybody's doing
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like this week, obviously we want to know how everybody was managing what the cone of is and what stressors, they were they were coming to you know with things shutting down and places you know Ohio's locked down. You can't go anywhere unless it's a necessity necessity.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So we talked about that and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Talked about, you know, self care and. So each week we just kind of talk about how everybody's doing give you some you know tricks to get through this to you know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You've got stressors going on yeah about coping.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And so what I really like about it with a group plan is that you know there's people who are going through it, and they've got ideas and they've got ways to manage things that I've not thought of and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Maybe you haven't thought of, but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, it's, I really like it. So,
Kaley Montgomery: I really got a lot out of the groups that I would attend
Kaley Montgomery: When I was in the outpatient program. There's a lot that you pick up on that, you know, people say that you would never expect
Kaley Montgomery: To walk into a room and and hear them say to pick up on. So I got a lot from that and I totally agree with you. So I like the whole idea of being there once a week.
Kaley Montgomery: At the same time every day. So it's, it's, you know, it's the same routine. I really like a scheduled routine. I'm very OCD very planned out
Kaley Montgomery: Like to agenda. Nice. So I like, I like that. That's great. I'm glad that it's. And then, of course, my friend, April said that there is, you know, places where you could come in to contact and actually see her. Maybe in a group chat.
Kaley Montgomery: So I don't know if that's what she meant like like we're all in the same room together on the same day, or how it works.
Kaley Montgomery: For health, but she was just kind of giving me some ideas where she might, you know, run a cost me on on on here also. Yeah. That's really nice. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's nice. It works out well.
Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: Anyway, make sure I got the right pharmacy in here for you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I've got CVS pharmacy on West fourth
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so it's on the corner of was forth in trouble. So it's 1049 North trouble road. Okay. And it's on the corner of Fourth Street. That's how I got. OK.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I'll call you or center prescription and as soon as we get off the phone today.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you need to contact me. You just call the care coordinators and they'll get in touch with me. They we have a little system where they can contact me right away and get it get a hold of things.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I'm gonna, I mean, I know you're you just got your medicine, but because this is a dose increase, I will put that note on the prescription to the pharmacy will know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you can fill it. You can get a you'll be able to get it filled early. Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Which is increasing your dose. Okay. And then what they're aware that I was getting 60 milligrams and I just have stopped within getting the 60 milligrams with this within like a four month timeframe, so
Kaley Montgomery: I guess it's not, you know, back to where I was. Well, technically you're right it is back to where I was. So I guess.
Kaley Montgomery: It might not be an issue. But I don't know your you know more than I know so. So I guess, whatever you're recommending that we do, we should probably do.
Kaley Montgomery: Well, that's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How you do with the one in the morning and I'm one of them.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you're finding that you're needing that other half a pill. Most days of the week. Let me know because you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Will run out of
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Your run out of your prescription
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, right. I see.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah, so let me know so I can get you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because I don't want you to go empty. I don't want you to buy off the street, so just let me know. So I can send you another prescription and you're
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Going straight through without running out.
Kaley Montgomery: set in stone. Right. Okay. And so
Kaley Montgomery: When am I able to pick up I have enough. Well, I, I feel like shit, I'm not gonna lie, but I have enough to last me until April seven, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm gonna, I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: See, she. When did you get it filled out ready
Kaley Montgomery: One was, I got it filled on
Kaley Montgomery: Tuesday. Yeah. So it's been a couple days now. So just to close.
My log back in here.
Kaley Montgomery: Called the care coordinators to get in contact with you right yes curry. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, so let's see you got 34 pills on the 25th.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, that is correct.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you're taking
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How many, how many milligrams a day.
Kaley Montgomery: Right now, he's got me 3034 pills for two weeks. He's got me at my my bottle says six milligrams for five days down to five milligrams for the
Kaley Montgomery: For the next five days and then I will come in to them again to go down to four. So obviously, I'm just going to cancel those appointments and let them know that I found something else.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, but
Kaley Montgomery: So right now I have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just have about
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You should have about 25 pills.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes 25 pills. That's correct.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so you'll be able to pick this prescription up, then I'm on Sunday.
On Sunday, yes.
Kaley Montgomery: Sunday, and that's March.
Kaley Montgomery: March 29
Those increase
Please.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can I already put the note on the farm is on a prescription. So they on the pharmacy one. Oh.
Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: That's great. I'm so so so thankful. So do I meet with you once a week also to refill the script or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just in us.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just in the group.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay so i just i i only meet with you in the group. So you are also my counselor as well.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now there's another person in there, who's an actual licensed counselor.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, so I will get to be with you my doctor and another counselor and I'll meet with you guys once a week. And that's where we do
Kaley Montgomery: Prescription refills, like how does, how often do I meet with you to do a prescription refill.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'll just refill them every month.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, so if it goes for a whole month or two week time frame so that every two weeks month
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm going to give you enough for a month at the 12 milligram dose of
Kaley Montgomery: One month per milligram dose.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, but I do get to see you. Every Wednesday at 1pm
Kaley Montgomery: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any other questions.
Kaley Montgomery: No, not that I can think of right now.
Kaley Montgomery: I just oh yes there is questions so
Kaley Montgomery: This is this is new. I'm glad to find out that I am getting a whole month ago because my biggest worry was, what am I going to do when I go into have the baby at the hospital.
Kaley Montgomery: Am I supposed to be taking my own script, or are they supposed to provide me with my dosage. Are they going to contact you to verify that I do get a script.
Kaley Montgomery: Like, what should I do. Should I give them the contact information now to my new doctor that you guys, but her health so that way they can get in touch with you to find out you know that I am verified savvy tech certified, you know, is it a prescription. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, to give give right heart health contact information to your OB GYN
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, perfect. And then a month should be plenty enough obviously to get me through while I have the baby at the hospital and I do have them. Give me my milligrams while I'm there in the state correct or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not hospitals are different, they might want you to bring your own in
Kaley Montgomery: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: They might just want you to bring your own pills in in the original bottle.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that's how
Jill Beavers-Kirby: When I was in Columbus and my pregnant patients there. That's how the hospitals in Columbus would do it.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, great. And now, so like I'm
Kaley Montgomery: Like any is, do you know like, are you aware of, like, any issues like I know like I've talked to my first doctor in the now the second doctor he he makes it seem like
Kaley Montgomery: It's a big issue.
Kaley Montgomery: That the baby comes out addicted to subject versus going through withdrawals in my belly D. What is your opinions on that. What do you think, like, do you think that you'll be okay coming out.
Kaley Montgomery: I think
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If he absorbs any of the subtext at this dose it will be very, very minimal and not enough to harm him.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Right patience on higher doses.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And their baby did not have any subject in the system.
Kaley Montgomery: Well, that's great. So, but with me breastfeeding. Um, that'll put that'll put it in his in his makoni them right. Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so I so he could test positive for me okay and
Kaley Montgomery: And that's okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's not that we're not expecting
Kaley Montgomery: Right, right, right. Yeah. And I do expect that I do probably expect you know Children's Services. I don't know if they do that kind of thing here. I don't know what their whole big ordeal or plan is on that whole thing.
Kaley Montgomery: I just know that I if that comes about. I will give them your guys's contact information so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I've never
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I've not had a problem with
Jill Beavers-Kirby: With any problems with children's services or it's just looking at the the information about the drug. Just checking. Some things just to see exactly what it said about you know the pregnancy stuff.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, I do. I look it up all the time. So it says that it does get the baby's getting very, like, it's like getting not even a whole half of what I get.
Kaley Montgomery: Right now, so at the point where you know he's born, it may be like a 30% chance that He even goes through withdrawal symptoms at all. So please don't at all which could be a very big, you know, a very great thing for me.
Kaley Montgomery: I'd really really really like that, plus breastfeeding him so he may not be scoring any kind of symptoms on the hospital may just get to take him home within the first three days of being there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yep, and that's
Kaley Montgomery: What I've had forward to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, that's what that's what will happen. That's what I've had happened in the past.
Kaley Montgomery: Well, that sounds great. And that makes me feel so much better. This other doctors just kind of putting my head.
Kaley Montgomery: Some just I don't know things I just wasn't expecting. I didn't want to get pregnant on savvy tech. Anyways, just because I didn't want to have to deal with, you know, a baby that needed
Kaley Montgomery: More care and in the whole symptoms of withdrawal. I just know what it feels like to withdraw. I can imagine my newborn baby going through it.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm gonna know he should be okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, good. Because, because that just it puts a big toll on me every day. I think about it every day and and what are we going to do about it. So, but I appreciate you and your concern and
Kaley Montgomery: And everything that you told me today. And I think thankful. So much for the 12 milligrams. I really truly am. And if I have any issues.
Kaley Montgomery: Which I shouldn't because I've been managing fine you know tapering down so quickly that I should be okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Right. But if I have any issues. I'll be sure to let you know and I'll see you on Wednesday. Coming at one this week. Right. Yeah. So I'll just do everything how I've been doing. I just join on zoom I type in my regular member ID number meeting ID number, and then
Kaley Montgomery: They answer my phone call and then they put me through to you guys or something.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Uh huh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's exactly how it works.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, sorry.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You got to get ahead.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, you're gonna
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're gonna get through this. I got an Intel
Kaley Montgomery: Thank you so much. I appreciate it. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You have a good evening.
Kaley Montgomery: You too. Thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, bye.
Bye.